My first ever internship experience !!
So, it was december when i came to know about vinternship program offered by NPTEL IIT ROPAR Vicharanashala Lab for Education Design and it was absolutely a game changer opportunity for me. I had tried learning MERN Stack before quite many a times but always stopped at Java script. Through this internship , i got to build my discipline for learning mern stack and applying the concepts through case studies offerred by this internship.

My favourite part was the breakout session and case studies . case studies became really addictive to a point that something felt empty when i didnt solve them. Breakout sessions made me realise that how much i cherish talking to strangers who are going through the same process as me. Talking to people especially for the very first time, getting to know their pov about life or work in general is always a happy activity for me . P.S- i love podcasts! However i wont deny the FOMO i used to get whenever i came across someone who already knew mern stack , had built many projects and at the same time were quite ahead of me in this internship. There are many challenges as well , including my poor internet connection which delayed my video completion , managing college along with this internship, peer pressure that came alongside and the constant anxiety of "what if i get executed from the cohort!?" - THE REAL FEAR! HAHA. Honestly , i never thought that it would be this challenging but yes, it is indeed for me .

But , as they say -focus on the controllables. My control is in how properly i do this internship while maintaining my health points , completing the given tasks , pushing myself everyday to learn things that i am not good at but is required to be . Giving up is never an option for me because one thing i know for sure is that ill take away something with me at the end and it will shape me , teach me and help me into becoming a better version of myself or a " techie ". There's still a long way to go in this internship. Although , it was quite achievable for many people yet i am happy that i am able to complete 85% of my vibe course as of today- 6th feb . Looking forward to make it to 100 real soon!

Thanking Indian Institute of Technology, Ropar , Sudarshan Iyengar sir for this opportunity.

#internship #virtualinternship #iitropar #Vledlabs #Vinternship
